# Titanic
Using machine learning concepts to analyze the Titanic dataset and predict survival rate with 93% accuracy

We started this project by doing some exploratory data analysis (EDA), using seaborn and matplotlib libraries to create visualizations, check missing data, learn which features are important, and understand better the dataset. During feature engineering and data processing, we computed missing values, converted features into numeric ones, grouped values into categories, and created new features (for more information refer to the jupyter notebook). Afterwards, we trained 7 different machine learning models, picked the best one (Random Forest), and applied cross validation on the model. Then, we discussed how Random Forest works, identified which features assign the most importance, and tuned its performance through hyperparameter optimization. Lastly, we looked at Confusion Matrix and computed the models precision, recall, F-score, and predicting with 93% accuracy using the ROC AUC Score.

__Conclusion__
I'm really glad I got to do another Data Science project as I learned valuable concepts that can be transferable to other projects. It significantly deepened my machine learning knowledge and strengthened my problem-solving and analytical skills, as well as applying concepts learned from textbooks, articles, classroom, and various other sources, on a challenging problem. Looking forward to keep learning new things and tacking new projects in my Data Science journey!
